README.md, before:

#Commands to get going

Launch docker container:
    docker run -it --rm --cap-add=SYS_ADMIN -p 9222:9222 -v /tmp:/usr/src/app --entrypoint "/bin/sh" testing
then the chromium process to launch within:
    chromium-browser --headless --disable-gpu --remote-debugging-address=0.0.0.0 --remote-debugging-port=9222

- Launch front-end:
```bash
cd src/web
yarn dev
```

- Launch go backend:
```bash
cd src/backend
go run -tags devmode autocontract.go -http-proxy 1234
```

# TODOs
- docker
    - 1 image with caddy
        - 2 named volumes ? (data + configuration)
        - read https://www.breakds.org/post/declarative-docker-in-nixos/#fnref:1 for help ?
- must haves
    - fix behaviour that any previous error isn't cleared on new submissions => the logic is flawed, the JS only clears errors when a new error occurs but it should always happen
    - "hash" (argon2) the RPPS to make it a little more painful to access them.

- nice to haves
    - allow keyboard use to select autocomplete entries
    - add date of rempla to generated PDF (i.e. "Contrat remplacement - 2 Avril 2020.pdf")
    - use https://github.com/go-sourcemap/sourcemap to print nicer error messages by using JS sourcemaps.
    - fix autocomplete menu on desktop Safari (involves changing label/input "name" and "id" attrs so Safari doesn't guess about autocomplete)
    - only allow numbers in RPPS fields
    - add native sharing of the website on iOS with https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/Navigator/share
    - use a real icon instead of emoji X for "delete" buttons
    - use an icon (see Stripe register page) next to the form error messages.
    - use https://github.com/Polymer/lit-html for HTML generation within JS code ?
    - fix error popping up on address field when user autocompletes with a Dr who has a blank "address" field.
    - analytics/errors going though grafana + loki https://github.com/grafana/loki/tree/master/docs, with 25GB of disk space should be plenty before dedicated aggregated metrics are needed
    - get current time for contract establishment from user's browser.

- use golangCI-lint for Go linting

# archive TODOs:
- reorganize to put everything together:
    - yarn stuff for website + contracts
    - golang "app" server that serves website as well
    - docker with chromium
- headers and footers:
    - https://stackoverflow.com/questions/44575628/alter-the-default-header-footer-when-printing-to-pdf
    - https://stackoverflow.com/questions/46077392/additional-options-in-chrome-headless-print-to-pdf
    - https://stackoverflow.com/questions/51438984/puppeteer-header-and-footer-not-displayed-on-first-page
- Docker with Chromium + Golang for piloting the PDF creation
- add fonts to docker linux for good pdf generation (Lucida Grande for example)
- Golang template for HTML
- Use Prometheus for monitoring instance and general statistics about errors etc...
- Use nix to build docker images (reproducible + easier to make slim hopefully)

- use https://github.com/szimek/signature_pad to gather JS signature on website for PDF contract

# links
https://yann.hodique.info/blog/using-nix-to-build-docker-images/

https://ariya.io/2016/06/isolated-development-environment-using-nix
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/50242387/how-to-record-a-reproducible-profile-in-nix-especially-from-nix-env
https://nixos.wiki/wiki/Development_environment_with_nix-shell


https://stackoverflow.com/questions/2793751/how-can-i-create-download-link-in-html/16316830#16316830

Commit message:

Fix form submission error never being cleared.
All errors are cleared before submission.
Some more documentation and a more idiomatic `FormErrorHandler`
constructor are thrown in for good measure.

README.md, after:

#Commands to get going

Launch docker container:
    docker run -it --rm --cap-add=SYS_ADMIN -p 9222:9222 -v /tmp:/usr/src/app --entrypoint "/bin/sh" testing
then the chromium process to launch within:
    chromium-browser --headless --disable-gpu --remote-debugging-address=0.0.0.0 --remote-debugging-port=9222

- Launch front-end:
```bash
cd src/web
yarn dev
```

- Launch go backend:
```bash
cd src/backend
go run -tags devmode autocontract.go -http-proxy 1234
```

# TODOs
- docker
    - 1 image with caddy
        - 2 named volumes ? (data + configuration)
        - read https://www.breakds.org/post/declarative-docker-in-nixos/#fnref:1 for help ?
- must haves
    - "hash" (argon2) the RPPS to make it a little more painful to access them.

- nice to haves
    - investigate requestAnimationFrame (and 'fastdom' lib) for batching DOM measurements/mutations, especially when submitting form and clearing / adding errors.
    - allow keyboard use to select autocomplete entries
    - add date of rempla to generated PDF (i.e. "Contrat remplacement - 2 Avril 2020.pdf")
    - use https://github.com/go-sourcemap/sourcemap to print nicer error messages by using JS sourcemaps.
    - fix autocomplete menu on desktop Safari (involves changing label/input "name" and "id" attrs so Safari doesn't guess about autocomplete)
    - only allow numbers in RPPS fields
    - add native sharing of the website on iOS with https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/Navigator/share
    - use a real icon instead of emoji X for "delete" buttons
    - use an icon (see Stripe register page) next to the form error messages.
    - use https://github.com/Polymer/lit-html for HTML generation within JS code ?
    - fix error popping up on address field when user autocompletes with a Dr who has a blank "address" field.
    - analytics/errors going though grafana + loki https://github.com/grafana/loki/tree/master/docs, with 25GB of disk space should be plenty before dedicated aggregated metrics are needed
    - get current time for contract establishment from user's browser.

- use golangCI-lint for Go linting

# archive TODOs:
- reorganize to put everything together:
    - yarn stuff for website + contracts
    - golang "app" server that serves website as well
    - docker with chromium
- headers and footers:
    - https://stackoverflow.com/questions/44575628/alter-the-default-header-footer-when-printing-to-pdf
    - https://stackoverflow.com/questions/46077392/additional-options-in-chrome-headless-print-to-pdf
    - https://stackoverflow.com/questions/51438984/puppeteer-header-and-footer-not-displayed-on-first-page
- Docker with Chromium + Golang for piloting the PDF creation
- add fonts to docker linux for good pdf generation (Lucida Grande for example)
- Golang template for HTML
- Use Prometheus for monitoring instance and general statistics about errors etc...
- Use nix to build docker images (reproducible + easier to make slim hopefully)

- use https://github.com/szimek/signature_pad to gather JS signature on website for PDF contract

# links
https://yann.hodique.info/blog/using-nix-to-build-docker-images/

https://ariya.io/2016/06/isolated-development-environment-using-nix
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/50242387/how-to-record-a-reproducible-profile-in-nix-especially-from-nix-env
https://nixos.wiki/wiki/Development_environment_with_nix-shell


https://stackoverflow.com/questions/2793751/how-can-i-create-download-link-in-html/16316830#16316830
